it's friday november eighth 2013 and
let's talk about what happened this week
over at XDA developers com
first up as expected there are a slew of
android 4.4 builds now available XD a
recognized contributor houston put out a
build for the LG optimus g and actually
he's put out several builds and the
earlier builds there were some issues
with the Wi-Fi and with the external SD
card but those things appear to have
been fixed at this point and eventually
this should turn into an official
paranoid android build for the LG
optimus G XD a senior member PAB X put
together a build for the Sony Xperia Z
which comes with a couple of relatively
minor bugs the first one when you go in
to select what carrier you want to use
if you actually go into the menus and
look up you know which carrier which
network to be on I think the bug was
that it would hang trying to search
through that so you may just not want to
do that immediately unless you
absolutely have to and there was an
issue syncing the calendar on android
4.4 which apparently can be fixed by
rebooting the device twice keep in mind
though this will only work on unlock
devices and it requires a full wipe so
maybe don't go trying it on your daily
driver just yet unless you're ready to
just drop everything most of you I know
are not the kind of people that are
really going to be too bothered by this
you've either got backups or most of
your stuff is in the cloud in my case
for the grand majority of stuff it's all
in the cloud and I can just redownload
it when i'm on Wi-Fi or if I've got
enough data I can do it on that too and
the last build I wanted to mention
actually really jumped out at me because
it's for a device that is not a new
device XD a recognized developer quarks
put out a build for the motorola defy
yes released in january two thousand ten
running android 2.1 eclair the defy is
now running android for dot for now
again keep in mind this is going to be
an alpha very very early build it's not
ready for prime time but from some of
the people in the thread it appears that
it is working pretty well i mean
definitely respectively will for a
device released several years ago at
this point so yeah it's really amazing
to see that many AOSP based source
builds available for android for out for
but realistically this is actually a
we're not terribly surprised to see that
many it's just nice to see and i'm sure
there are more than that available
that's just those are the ones that were
mentioned on the portal so those are the
ones that i talked about as always i'm
going to go ahead and mention this here
like i always do if you are interested
in running one
these builds on your device make sure to
go check out the associated forum thread
there will be individual stories for
each of the builds I've mentioned so far
so you can go look at the portal post
and the forum thread to get all the
details and see if anybody's having
issues out of them now moving right
along there were a couple of leaked
builds that came out this week and the
first one XD a senior member the orange
remixed leaked out android for dot for
for the t-mobile Moto X there were
apparently a few bugs related to calling
and data not quite working right but a
full wipe of the device made everything
work just fine so yeah if you're on
t-mobile and you're running a moto x you
may want to go take a look at this of
course it's going to be a leaked over
the air type update so it's not going to
have anything custom to it and
additionally XD a recognized developer
feria posted an update to the earlier
leaked build of android for dot 3 for
the international galaxy s3 but the big
difference through this one is it does
not have knocks on it it's got the exact
same build number and everything but no
knocks which sort of makes you wonder if
Samsung is kind of pulling away from
doing that maybe that it is galaxy s3 is
too old of a device for it maybe the
specs don't meet up with what is
necessary for it may be enough people
just complain that they didn't want Knox
that they pulled it out but one way or
another if you're running the i 9300 and
I'm certainly hoping that's the
international one I my brain is not
working a hundred percent at the moment
so I'm going to continue saying
international if you're running the i
9300 though go ahead and check out that
thread for details as well now moving
right along excellent post was put up on
google+ this week by cyanogenmod just a
couple of months ago signage ahmad 10.2
nightlies became available well at this
point cyanogenmod 10.2 m1 a milestone
release candidate whatever else you want
to call it it has now been pushed to the
repositories for a lot of devices which
means before too much longer will see
the milestone 2 and then eventually CM
10.2 stable this will bring Android 4 3
2 a large number of people but that's
not all they also announced this week
that cyanogenmod 11 is in the works
they've gone ahead to start at the
source tree for cm11 bringing in Android
for dad for sources so if you want to
know more about what's going on there
you can always check out what they're
doing over on google+ don't ask for ETA
s because that's not how cyanogenmod
works and sticking in that exact same
vein of android for that for which seems
to be a recurring theme and it will be
probably for the next month or so there
was just
way that showed up on the portal this
week talking about a mystery build of
android for dot for that showed up in
the chromium bill tracker and what do we
know about it other than that not a
thing in all honesty having some
experience with the Nexus 5 at this
point i would say hopefully it has some
bug fixes for the cameras and
performance fixes for the camera maybe
and hopefully some battery life
improvements because so far the Nexus 5
camera and battery have been let's say a
bit of a weak spot at least in terms of
software so hopefully this isn't just
some random build that has gotten
mentioned over there in passing that it
doesn't actually exist hopefully this
will actually turn into something
that'll be useful bug fixes updates
critical something and also the last
thing to mention here a form was added
for Motorola's project ara as well as
their MDK their module developers kit so
if you're interested in talking more in
the developer community about project
ara or learning more about developing
modules for it head on over to that
forum for all the details and if you
hadn't noticed three other videos were
posted to XDA developer TV this week the
first one was an exposed video talking
about gravity box and how you can get
pie controls and a bunch of other neat
little tweaks on your device then I made
a video showing you how to root and
unlock the Nexus 5 using chainfire
cf-auto-root and TK did another Android
app review showing you call pop out so
for the links to those videos and all of
the other stories i talked about make
sure to check out the box down below the
video that's the video description at
the bottom of that box you can find the
links to my youtube channels where you
can see some more coverage on the Nexus
5 some stuff about Linux whatever else I
decide to talk about and do keep in mind
if you liked this video you can hit the
like button down below the video we
definitely won't mind you can also
subscribe to receive our content as soon
as it becomes available but as always
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you again on Monday
you